Bump version to 0.25.0 (#2804)
hickory-dns/hickory-dns: CHANGELOG.md

All notes should be prepended with the location of the change, e.g. `(proto)` or `(resolver)`.

## 0.25.0

0.25.0 represents a large release for the Hickory DNS project. Over 14 months since 0.24.0, we've
added two new maintainers, divergentdave and marcus0x62, and have addressed many limitations.
A team from Ferrous Systems [shored up our support for
DNSSEC](https://ferrous-systems.com/blog/hickory-dns-client/), and we addressed a number
of findings from our first security audit.

> ### Breaking changes

Reviewer: This list is not exhaustive. I think that's okay, but it should probably be mentioned. https://github.com/hickory-dns/hickory-dns/pull/2498 is an example of a breaking change, and even worse, it's a breaking change that doesn't break compilation in a lot of cases but will break config parsing f.ex. for people using the serde enum variant names.

Author: Yes, I'll add a note that this is not exhaustive. Do you want to contribute a similarly styled bullet point about your PR?

Author: I've added a bullet about this.

* Configuration for the Hickory DNS server crate has been reworked substantially to be more
  robust and secure. Most of the code related to the server binary has been moved out of
  the hickory-server library and into the hickory-dns binary crate.
* The synchronous API, which previously provided a thin partial wrapper over the asynchronous API,
  has been removed. Downstream users will have to migrate to the asynchronous API.
* Support for TLS using native-tls or OpenSSL has been removed. We now only provide first-party
  support for rustls (0.23, for DNS over TLS, HTTP/2, QUIC and HTTP/3). We support *ring*
  or aws-lc-rs for cryptographic operations both for DNSSEC and TLS.
* The async-std-resolver crate has been removed. Support for the async-std runtime has been
  subsumed into the hickory-resolver crate.

> * The DNSSEC API was reworked to extend coverage to the recursor, be more ergonomic, harder to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The DNSSEC API was reworked to extend coverage to the recursor, be more ergonomic, harder to
```

> * The DNSSEC API was reworked to extend coverage to the recursor, be more ergonomic, harder to
>   misuse and added support for NSEC3.

Reviewer 2: suggested rephrasing:
```suggestion
* The DNSSEC API was reworked to extend coverage to the recursor, add support for NSEC3,
  and make the API more ergonomic and harder to misuse.
```
